>> Steve Kinney: Well, now if I leave
this file in here and it's open and
all of a sudden, it's fair game.
And so if you start getting results
that you don't want, look inward and
ask yourself like, is this my fault?
Sometimes it's not.
Sometimes again, there are good Claude
days, there are bad Claude days.
So we'll delete that file.
And now let's try progressively
move up to wilder modes.
We're in agent mode here and
we are going to say, and
I'm going to say I can make a new file.
I don't trust it all the time.
So we're going to make.
Okay, I'm not gonna waste your
time with the small brain version.
We're going to move to at least
the medium sized brain version.
It is one thing to say
build me a calculator,
that could go one of many ways, right?
What I want to say is in calculator tsx,
right?
Build a calculator component.
Now if I do that, I will probably
get something that resembles
a calculator component, but
I can get a little bit more specific.
Put that component in @application.tsx.
Now it's going to read Calculator TSX,
which at this point doesn't
really have anything in it.
It's going to look at application tx.
So we're getting more specific
about then what do I want it to do?
We'll say I want you to use
usereducer to handle the logic.
The actual math should be
done in a separate utility so
I can test it with 100% test coverage.
The calculator should be accessible and
use tailwind to style it, right?
The more specific you get, the more
predictable your outcome is going to be.
Mark.
>> Mark: Shouldn't you create a new chat?
>> Steve Kinney: I should.
So honestly, if you're in the chat window
and let's say ask me how I know this
because Mark hit on why I know this,
which is I get distracted.
Let's say you typed all this command N,
it moves it to a new chat with
the current contents in there.
You can even see the things
that I've brought into
context are also referenced here as well.
Do I need big brains for this?
I don't need big brains for this.
Go ahead.
And now we are effectively in agent mode.
And for
some of this it's kind of like makes,
on one hand it's amazing because it
will do this faster than I can do it.
On the other hand we will sit here and
watch this thinking, right?
And I'm gonna scroll up and we're going to
look at some of its thinking for a second.
Great, I can see the Tailwind CSSV4 and
VITest are already set up now create
a comprehensive calculator and I talked
about that to do list feature, right?
So it starts to if first of all,
we'll try to at least tell you that
it understood what you asked for.
Again, ignore this at your peril.
But then don't be surprised that
it did something you didn't like
accessible design.
Cool, we'll use Tailwind styling.
I forgot to mention responsive design.
So thank you for that.
And then it creates a to do
list you can go ahead and see.
And so in this case we are phase where we
are kind of approving this step by step.
So we've got calculator error like okay,
maybe that's slight over engineering but
it's a good pattern as it's starting to
build this feature out for me right now.
Granted one even in this simple
example that was trying to walk that
fine line of live typing English
is harder than live coding.
It wasn't so boring to watch me write.
Was still not build me Excel.
It was still like hey, here's what I want.
Here are the initial rules and
you're gonna see I would get real
bored typing those every time.
So we'll deal with that momentarily.
But you can kind of see that
the better you can explain what
you want to do,
the better it is going to be at doing it.
Is having some issues finding a thing but
a lot of times it will figure out
I have some problems because again we're
getting that feedback loop in this case.
Cool, cannot find what's your issue.
Can't see in that giant font.
But it seems to continue going
as it's navigating that.
Okay, now you can see it's doing
all the steps as we think and
we start to get something
that we can at least review.
What I want to show you is the UX for
doing so right now the lazy and
dangerous thing to do is just
slam on the keep all button and
move on with your life and
like follow the vibes where they go and
yeah, that's a thing you can do it and
sometimes I do it right.
The other option is one you can
first of all see the manifest of all
the things that it did.
Here's all the files that I made and
changed almost like a git diff,
like pre git.
You can see that it actually pulled in
some terminal commands into context as it
was fighting with the type setup.
Cuz literally didn't use this repo for
anything.
Don't know anything about it.
And you can see all the files,
you can go ahead.
And more importantly, in a given file,
now, these are a lot of new files.
So there's one change.
It is the contents of a file.
But if it was like changing a bunch
of functions in line somewhere,
you could jump down and
across through all of them.
The other important one is going
across the different files.
You can also use option L for that as well
and go through and see each one, right?
And we know that there are some issues
that we're gonna have to deal with here,
which is like,
there are some red squiggly lines.
So I know typescript is angry with us, so
it clearly didn't,
we gotta see when we commit it all.
But I have reason to believe that it
made at least some mistakes, right?
Like, did I want all this?
Did I ask for this little banner?
I did not.
So you can just go ahead and be like, no.
Like, you're still like.
The nice part about cursor, as opposed
to some of the other tools is that,
like, at least where you are still
in the driver's seat, if you get to
the point where you have, like, tests and
eslint rules and cursor rules and
all of these other things,
maybe you can get a little nicer about it.
Right now I can name you a whole bunch
of things I don't like about this, and
a lot of them are nitpicky.
I like hyphens, which,
whatever, that's the thing.
And we'll talk about how to set up those
rules, both in terms of cursor rules, but
also in terms of eslint rules that
enforce it, so on and so forth, Mark.
>> Mark: Adam in the chat said,
my agent wrote tests, the test failed,
and now it's just stuck looking
at the test and loading.
Do you know how to resolve?
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, so a lot of times
you should have some kind of stop button
where it's time to yell at it to stop,
right?
Which at one point you need to step in and
arguably take a look at it and be like,
what is the actual issue here?
Because a lot of times it will
keep spinning and cursor,
each one of these actions is
what's called a tool call.
It will give up after 25
tool calls because both like
their money and your money,
effectively, right?
At which point that is when we do
have to kind of like, step in and
a lot of times give it some guidance.
Like I said before, the better you
can express the problem or the issue.
It can help you.
But it will a lot of times get
stuck in these loops, right?
So arguably, and we'll see it,
there should be a stop button here.
I'm obviously stopped, so
it's hard for me to see if I
just have it do something.
All right, then you got a stop button and
you can kind of like step in.
This is not only important for
when it gets caught in a loop, but
sometimes because it's telling
you everything it's going to do.
Like, sometimes you can see
it going down a dark path.
Like, I'm going to skip all these tests.
I normally do this one.
It's Ctrl+C.
I'm very used to hitting the escape key
in Claude code, which we'll see later.
My hand hovers over it.
It's even hovering over it
as I stand at this podium.
Even though it's not the right
keystroke for this one.
But I think we'll see how
some of the rules can.
We'll look at cursor rules and then we'll
look at some draconian eslint rules and
we'll see how do we build the framework,
the Iron man suit around.
This doesn't look right metaphor for
managing some of this, but you can see
that it will do some stuff that I don't
hate, but I didn't necessarily ask for.
Okay, so we've seen what agent mode is.
We've seen what that surgical mode is.
We've seen what the tab mode is,
we've seen what the chat mode is.
I feel like we can not follow
my advice for a moment.
Just kind of see it in place.
We can see that we have
some of these rules.
And you can see, once again,
this is again, an empty project.
And I will show you a project I
have in a second where I've like,
progressively clamped down on things,
which is, did it do what I asked?
Technically, I said I want all the files
to be kebab case instead of camel case.
It spiritually did what I asked it to do.
You know what I didn't ask it to do?
Remove the old ones, right?
And so we'll see how to deal
with that rules in a second.
But again, it's like one of those things
where it's that joke that I said earlier.
The person writes the test and
then you try to do the most subversive
implementation you can, except you're
paying this person and it's not real.
So we've got those pieces in place.
Which point we should talk about
how to start expressing our intent
about the way we want things
done around here to cursor, and
that involves this thing
called cursor rules.